---

The sun rose slowly over the horizon, casting a golden hue over the bustling blacksmith’s guild. Kael stirred awake, his
heart pounding with excitement and nervous energy. Last night’s discovery had left him sleepless, his mind racing with
thoughts of his newfound ability—the Soulforge.

He sat up in bed, running his hands through his disheveled hair. The weight of responsibility settled over him like a
second skin. He knew this was just the beginning, but it felt like a crucial turning point in his life. With
determination, he pushed aside the covers and stepped out into the cool morning air.

The guild was already alive with activity when Kael arrived at the forge. The rhythmic clang of hammers against anvils
filled the air, a symphony of craftsmanship that had once been familiar but now felt like distant echoes in the presence
of his potential. Griswold stood by the fire, his hands busy shaping a piece of metal into something akin to art.

“About time you got here,” Griswold said without looking up, his voice steady and reassuring. “Ready to try your hand at
this Soulforge business?”

Kael nodded, his resolve unshakable. He could still feel the residual warmth from yesterday’s revelation, a testament to
the power he now bore.

“Take this piece of iron,” Griswold instructed, placing a simple dagger before him. “This will be your first test.”

Kael picked up the dagger, feeling its weight in his hands. The metal was cold and lifeless, but he could sense the
potential within it—a raw energy waiting to be unleashed.

“Focus,” Griswold said, his voice dropping to a softer tone. “The magic doesn’t come from without; it’s born from
within.”

Kael closed his eyes, drawing on the essence of the metal. He visualized the flow of living magic, imagining how it
would course through the dagger. The forge roared to life as he dipped the blade into the flames, the heat intensifying
with his focus.

But as the light faded, Kael frowned. The dagger felt… different. It lacked the resilience it should have, brittle and
unrefined. He realized then that his materials weren’t up to standard—a lesson in both craft and patience.

“Maybe you need better ingredients,” Griswold suggested, his voice tinged with empathy. “But don’t worry; this is just
the beginning.”

Kael nodded, determined not to let this setback deter him. He set the dagger aside and reached for another piece of
metal, intent on trying again.

As he worked, Vayne’s mocking laughter drifted into the workshop. She sauntered in, her usual smirk playing on her
lips. “What’s all the fuss about?” she teased, clearly unimpressed by Kael’s attempts.

Ignoring her, Kael focused on his craft, determined to prove himself. The blade he was shaping began to glow with an
otherworldly light, a testament to his growing skill.

But just as he thought he had mastered the technique, a sharp pain shot through his arm. Forge fatigue—a warning sign he
couldn’t ignore. He stumbled back, gasping for breath, as Griswold stepped in to help him regain control.

“Patience is key,” Griswold said, his voice filled with wisdom. “This ability is a gift, but it must be nurtured.”

As Kael caught his breath, he noticed the subtle changes in the blade—a faint intricacy that hinted at the magic within.
He held it up for Griswold to see, pride swelling within him.

“You’ve done well,” Griswold said, nodding approvingly. “But remember, greatness requires balance.”

Just then, a messenger arrived with a scroll for Griswold. His mentor’s expression shifted to one of intrigue as he read
the message silently.

“You’ll need to be patient, Kael,” Griswold said enigmatically. “Your journey is just beginning.”

As the messenger left, Kael felt a sense of anticipation and curiosity. The first trial had revealed both challenges and
opportunities. He was determined to rise to the occasion, whatever it took.

---

**Hook**: As Griswold pondered the scroll’s contents, an unfamiliar figure lingered outside the workshop, watching with
intense interest. Their shadow fell across the door as Kael returned his attention to the forge, unaware of the unseen
eyes upon him.